Rework CONTRIBUTING file (#343)
twisted/towncrier: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

# Description
<!-- add a short summary if necessary; mention issue numbers -->

# Checklist
<!-- add a "X" inside the brackets to confirm the point -->
* [ ] Make sure changes are covered by existing or new tests.
* [ ] Make sure local test run is green for at least one Python version.

> * [ ] Create a file in `src/towncrier/newsfragments/` for our changelog.

Reviewer: For towncrier we have `NEWS`.

I tried to inform users that the content of the file should not be a commit message, but it should contain important public information for other users of the project.

Feel free to repharse

```suggestion
* [ ] Create a file in `src/towncrier/newsfragments/` describing your change and that will be included in the public release notes.
```

> * [ ] Make sure all CI tests are green (this is checking all of the above)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [ ] Make sure all GitHub Actions checks are green (they are automatically checking all of the above).
```
